[docs] Quantization (#1236)
huggingface/peft: docs/source/developer_guides/quantization.md

<!--Copyright 2023 The HuggingFace Team. All rights reserved.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance with
the License. You may obtain a copy of the License at

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed under the License is distributed on
an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.

⚠️ Note that this file is in Markdown but contain specific syntax for our doc-builder (similar to MDX) that may not be
rendered properly in your Markdown viewer.

-->

# Quantization

Quantization represents data with fewer bits, making it a useful technique for reducing memory-usage and accelerating inference especially when it comes to large language models (LLMs). There are several ways to quantize a model including:

* optimizing which model weights are quantized with the [AWQ](https://hf.co/papers/2306.00978) algorithm

> * independently quantizing each row of a weight matrix with the [GPTQ](https://github.com/PanQiWei/AutoGPTQ) algorithm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* independently quantizing each row of a weight matrix with the [GPTQ](https://hf.co/papers/2210.17323) algorithm
```

)
```

Pass the `config` to the [`~transformers.AutoModelForCausalLM.from_pretrained`] method.

```py
from transformers import AutoModelForCausalLM

model = AutoModelForCausalLM.from_pretrained("mistralai/Mistral-7B-v0.1", quantization_config=config)
```

Next, you should call the [`~peft.utils.prepare_model_for_kbit_training`] function to preprocess the quantized model for traininng.

```py
from peft import prepare_model_for_kbit_training

model = prepare_model_for_kbit_training(model)
```

Now that the quantized model is ready, let's set up a configuration.

## LoraConfig

Create a [`LoraConfig`] with the following parameters (or choose your own):

```py
from peft import LoraConfig

config = LoraConfig(
    r=16,
    lora_alpha=8,
    target_modules=["q_proj", "k_proj", "v_proj", "o_proj"],
    lora_dropout=0.05
    bias="none",
    task_type="CAUSAL_LM"
)
```

Then use the [`get_peft_model`] function to create a [`PeftModel`] from the quantized model and configuration.

```py
from peft import get_peft_model

model = get_peft_model(model, config)
```

You're all set for training with whichever training method you prefer!

### LoftQ initialization

> [LoftQ](https://hf.co/papers/2310.08659) initializes LoRA weights such that the quantization error is minimized. In contrast, PEFT initializes the weights from a Gaussian distribution by default. But LoftQ initialization can improve performance when training quantized models. To get started, create a [`LoftQConfig`] instead and set `loftq_bits=4` to for 4-bit quantization.

Reviewer 2: > In contrast, PEFT initializes the weights from a Gaussian distribution by default.

Not quite correct, default for LoRA is Kaiming uniform. But I think it doesn't really matter here, I'd probably remove the sentence completely (and adjust the start of the next one accordingly).
